I’ve had a lifelong struggle
with a negative attitude.
My negative disposition
made me a very impatient,
sarcastic, and demanding person.
One day, out in field service,
I had insulted a partner of mine,
and the entire day was ruined.
My mother was in the car.
She was very upset with the situation.
She told me that I had a negative attitude
and that I was not allowed inside the house
until that sister forgave me.
So I asked the sister to lunch.
It was one of the most difficult
and uncomfortable situations I have been in.
I realized that I needed
to make a self-examination.
Why was I negative?
Why was I so unhappy?
It was because I stopped pioneering
and my friends continued
in their full-time service to Jehovah.
And that made me very frustrated,
to see them continue this while I was stuck.
When I acknowledged
that I had this negative attitude,
that prompted me to beg Jehovah
to help me to make changes.
The friends in the congregation who I spent
a lot of time with were not bad people.
Their imperfection
fueled my negative attitude,
and I really had to put that fire out.
Personal study was a major help,
along with my prayers to Jehovah,
to make these changes.
One of the things that I meditated on
was how Jesus acted with his disciples.
When he was hungry and he was tired,
he was still very loving and kind.
So I saw for myself
that when I was spiritually hungry,
that affected my words and my actions
toward the brothers and sisters.
The keys to maintaining
Jesus’ mental disposition are prayer,
gratitude, and contentment.
My goal is to show
a grateful attitude
for the blessings that I receive
every day and also to look
for the good in people
—to show them that I care and I love them.
And I’ve learned that the more that I
give to the friends
and to my family,
the happier that makes Jehovah,
as Acts 20:35
and Hebrews 13:16 mention.
And when Jehovah is happy,
that really makes me happy.